This a one-to-one Polish-Interslavic (Neoslavonic) translator written in Scala and the Play! framework.
Interslavic is an artificial language created as a middleground for all Slavic languages. You can read more about it here:
http://www.interslavic.net
Neoslavonic is a so to say "dialect" of Interslavic, a part of the project focused on the continuity from the Old Church Slavonic language:
http://en.neoslavonic.org

The working instance of PL-NS is set on Heroku:
http://plns.herokuapp.com

Please note that this version here is still my playground rather than a serious webapp (and that's why I'm writing to you in English, not in Neoslavonic). 
Basically, if you type in a text in Polish, you will see the translation and a list of words the translator doesn't know. Each of these words you can add 
to the dictionary - as a verb, noun, adjective, adverb, or an unchanging word. If you decide to add it, you will be redirected to the page where you can 
manage the whole declension or conjugation, so not only this very word and its translation will be added, but the whole set of words. Then you can go back 
to the main page and see how it works.
 
Since it's still a very early stage of implementation, the added words are not stored in a permanent way, so don't waste your time adding the whole 
dictionary ;) They will be lost after the next restart. Also, it's almost certain GUI will be changed - I know this one is crap, you don't have to remind me. 
Basically, this version is just for kicks. There's still a lot of work to be done.

The next steps will involve:
* a database structure, so added words will be kept permanently;
* the Slovianski grammar along with the Neoslavonic one and the ability to switch between them;
* making the graphical interface more readable;
* enabling users to browse, edit, and delete words which were already added;
* ability to backup and restore the dictionary;
* user accounts for people who are allowed to add, edit, etc.

It's a long, long way...